---
layout: post
title: Welcome!
---
<p align="justify">
After a while thinking about creating a blog, I finally decided to give it a shot, thus here we are: <i>welcome to my blog</i>. <br>
<br>
Let me introduce myself in one sentence: <br>
I'm a recent graduated engineer from France, living in Montreal, after accomplishing a master degree in telecommunication and network there. <br>
<br>
A bit more background: <br>
I have studied six years in computer science and networking (four in France, two in Canada).
At the beginning, anything that interested me was smartphones, either iOS and Android. So I learned how to program and develop apps for both those plateforms, but in the end it was all about the Google open source plateform: Android. From a developer perspective, open source it the way to go because you can either contribute and/or leverage the existing and customize it as desired. I won't argue about open source vs proprietary here because that is not the aim of my blog, and in my own opinion the battle already has a winner. <br>
In parallel, I studied classic networking, but was mostly interested in wireless and mobile networking. It's only in the sixth year of my cursus that I heard about Software Defined Network (SDN) and Network Functions Virtualization (NFV); two main paradigms revisiting our vision of the network.
Being an application developer in my spare time, and having the basic networking knowledge, I knew I have to be part of this mouvement - if I can call it a movement. <br>
<br>
To sum up what I think, I will quote Marc Andreessen (created Andreessen Horowitz, a venture capital firm): "<a href="http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424053111903480904576512250915629460">Software is eating the world</a>". <br>

Here is a presentation signed <a href="http://ben-evans.com">Benedict Evans</a>, one of Andreessen Horowitz's employee, that is, I think, showcasing pretty well the state of technology/mobile in our world. 

</p>

<p align="center">
<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/130722577" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>
</p>

